README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator

  ## Description: 
  This project is built to provide a template for users to provide input to which will be output into a professional README. This is for our week 9 homework assignment and can be used by students or developers going forward. This project is based on the utilization of command line application.

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#Installation)
  - [Usage](#Usage)
  - [Contributing](#Contributing)
  - [Test Instructions](#Test-Instructions)
  - [Questions](#Questions)

  ## Installation: 
  A user should install the inquirer dependency to be able to use the commands line.

  ## Usage: 
  Once a user has loaded the file, they should open a terminal inside the folder they are in. Once the command line is open the user should type "node index" to access the command line. Once this occurs a user will be presented with a seried of questions to be filled out and completed as part of the readme template. Once all prompts are completed the user's information will be put into the readme template and the user will have a professional README. A user can use this template whenever working on a new project or assignment a needs a README.

  ## Contributing: 
  There a no plans for public contribution at this time.

  ## Test-Instructions: 
  A user can run a terminal and type "node index.js" and then test out the template by doing a mock answering of each prompt to see what the end result will look like.

  ## Questions
  - If you have any questions, email me at pchaze@yahoo.com
  - Checkout my GitHub profile [here](https://github.com/PhalenH)

Commit message:

changed wrtiefilesync link in index.js, added new md file names userReadme which is where the command line input will go, added acceptance criteria and changed some stuff in personal readme, added license to table of contents and as a section in readme as well as section for licensing in readme with link to be completed

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator

  ## Description: 
  This project is built to provide a template for users to provide input to which will be output into a professional README. This is for our week 9 homework assignment and can be used by students or developers going forward. This project is based on the utilization of command line application.

  - WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
    - THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
  - WHEN I enter my project title
    - THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
  - WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
    - THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
  - WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
     -THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
  - WHEN I enter my GitHub username
    - THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
  - WHEN I enter my email address
    - THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
  - WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
    - THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README


  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#Installation)
  - [Usage](#Usage)
  - [Contributing](#Contributing)
  - [Test Instructions](#Test-Instructions)
  - [Questions](#Questions)

  ## Video

  ## Installation: 
  - Download the template through GitHub.
  - Install dependency inquirer by typing into the command line 'npm i inquirer --save'

  ## Usage: 
  Once a user has opened the file:
  - Open the terminal 
  - Type out 'node index.js'
  - Answer the prompts provided

  Once all prompts have been answered then a README.md will be created with the user input in the corresponding sections of the README. A user can refer back to this template whenever working on a new project or assignment and requires a README.

  ## Contributing: 
  There a no plans for public contribution at this time.

  ## Test-Instructions: 
  A user can run a terminal and type "node index.js" and then test out the template by doing a mock answering of each prompt to see what the end result will look like.

  ## Questions
  - If you have any questions, email me at pchaze@yahoo.com
  - Checkout my GitHub profile [here](https://github.com/PhalenH)
